Leafwing input manager integration (#34)
Plonq/bevy_rts_camera: README.md

simple use cases, and does not try to cover advanced requirements.

## Features:
- Pan, zoom, and rotation
- Automatically follows whatever you mark as 'ground'
- Smoothed movement
- Customisable controls and other settings
- Comes with optional controller, or you can control it yourself
- Integrated with [leafwing-input-manager](https://github.com/Leafwing-Studios/leafwing-input-manager/tree/main)

## Default Controller

You can 'edge pan' by moving the mouse to the edge of the screen.

### Minimal Controller 

A minimal controller is included with these default controls:

- Pan: Arrow Keys
- Zoom: Mouse Wheel

> - Rotate: Middle Right + Drag

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Rotate: Right Mouse + Drag
```

```rust ignore
commands.spawn((
    RtsCamera::default(),

>     RtsCameraAction::minimal_input_map(), // Required, You can put a custom map
>     // RtsCameraAction::full_input_map(), // a full version of input map
>     RtsCameraControls::default(), // Required

Reviewer: The comments are a bit confusing and maybe inaccurate. If I understand correctly, `minimal_input_map` and `full_input_map` are both optional, and you can provide a custom map if you like. If that's correct, I'd suggest changing the comments.

In addition, `RtsCameraControls` should still be optional, if you don't want built-in controls at all and prefer to have full control over the camera (e.g. to control it programmatically).

So I'd suggest something like this:

```suggestion
    RtsCameraControls::default(), // Built-in controls - optional
    // An input map is required if using `RtsCameraControls`. Either use the built in minimal or full input maps, or add a custom one
    RtsCameraAction::minimal_input_map(),  // Minimal controls
    // RtsCameraAction::full_input_map(),  // Full featured controls
```

Author: Oh you're right, I forget that directly control `RtsCamera` is one way to do control the camera, I changed the readme and also added a `custom_controller.rs` example to guide custom control system
